hey guys welcome back to the
continuation of pkc be today we've got a
short and simple opening with a leader
here which makes a rare appearance but
we've got five legendary treasures
booster packs and yeah we're going to
open them up straight away we're hoping
to get either a golden rush around with
Zekrom I still don't have those but yeah
awesome oh actually this herbs have to
got a theory like this because the
random card trick okay oh this is so
funny i love how to troubleshoot ears
and alina appears in the rent that's
such a funny coincidence okay don't do
this pack this pack was obviously
designed for you garba doors gonna be on
this is yeah okay Zarla uh cut what oh
ok d no this is for you i co this is
nice this year ok people don't know yoke
a yoke Oh is somebody she knows indeed
Gogeta reverse yep okay Gallade yeah
that's really cool i like that that's
awesome oh my god meloetta yeah yex very
nice i should sleep them but i'm just
gonna cleared up slime I would survive I
was testing you whatever door special
energy double colors and she's looking
foolish hahaha I'm Olga my favorite oky
really loud so sorry why am I yeah okay
but my turn okay we got tepig vulpix
swablu not to Alec REO which is a rare
verse awesome oh it's a white kyurem VX
what oh my gosh that's awesome that's
really cool I'm gonna sleep down Horace
of reishi ram as well it's a rescue ram
TX
gosh there's so much to sleep this is
what I dislike about lindo shows just so
much the sleeve before you actually
finish the pack all this that's me
awesome they got Ursaring swoobat and
the pig night why is it got people rose
it it's just the sort of situational
type ones as looks they're telling
stories which is really nice love it I
don't even do anything you don't even do
anything just give you a collection of
trouble okay you owe your turn yep too
so what's what all it reminds me the
anime when it goes so Allah look solo
sis Susheela Oh Cedric to the her nice
i'm gonna quite a few reverses yeah
Susan it hard so I'm gonna Santino Ralph
real Raiola duo's shin random a random
selda sitting on a tree ok now it's got
not to dwell Croagunk Gothita leave
Annie a reverse at nine tails yeah snivy
shut again and as wheeless oh my gosh if
I wasn't here Dino Dino oh my gosh the
roles from dinner all right last pack
I'm kind of move uh-huh thank you doing
it all right newsreel OSIS crawl broken
magical Charmander oh it's a recording
Abaza only that was like a dragon leaf
returning yeah well that's a dragon oh
it's a gyarados
Wow sure why not use moving it Torchic
riolu do what hi grandma oh I like what
does it oh we got some decent cousin
actually not bad for faux pax all right
we'll see you in the next video goes by